Recettes : 


Chocolate Brownies 
how many : 6
difficulty : 2
ingredients : 
250 g pastry chocolate
1 sachet of vanilla sugar
150 g butter
3 eggs
150 g of sugar
60 g flour
Salt
preparation : Melt the chocolate broken into pieces with the butter.
Meanwhile, beat the eggs with the sugar until the mixture whitens.
Add the flour, vanilla sugar and add the chocolate.
Pour the mixture into a mould and bake in the oven at 180°C (gas mark 6) for 15 minutes...


Roman Carbonnara
how many : 4
difficulty : 2
Ingredient: 
400 g spaghetti
200 g pecorino romano
150 g of dried pork cheek) or alternatively plain salted belly.
4 egg yolks
1 whole egg
Ground black pepper
Salt (a small pinch because the Pecorino and the guanciale or breast are already quite salty).
1 tablespoon of olive oil

Preparation: In a saucepan, boil about 4 litres of water. Once the water is boiling, add 30 g of salt (less than 10 g per litre as the guanciale and pecorino are already quite salty) and dip the pasta into it.
At the same time, in a frying pan, fry the guanciale with a little bit of extra virgin olive oil.
In a bowl, mix the eggs, pecorino and pepper until a smooth cream is obtained.
Once the pasta is cooked, pour it into the pan with the guanciale and a little cooking water. Sauté for a few seconds and then turn off the heat. Add the eggs and the pecorino and mix everything together. Sprinkle with pecorino and don't wait to serve after grinding a little more black pepper.


Tomato pie 
How many:6
difficulty:1    
ingredients: 
1 shortcrust pastry
4 ripe tomatoes
Herbes de Provence + salt
Dijon mustard
Olive oil

Preparation: Precook the dough (pierced with a fork) 5 min at 450 degrees farenheit (230°C).
In the meantime, cut the tomatoes into 3 mm thick slices.
Take the pre-baked dough out of the oven. Brush the base with Dijon mustard (the classic one does the trick) ...put enough so that the dough base is no longer visible.
Arrange the tomato slices. Make several layers.
Sprinkle with herbes de Provence + 2 pinches of salt.
1 tablespoon of olive oil.
Bake for 20 min at 450 farenheit then cover with aluminium foil for another 20 min. After these 20 minutes, remove the aluminium foil and leave to cook for another 5 minutes with the oven door open.
Delicious with a green salad.

Baked Sweet Potato Fries
How many: 3
difficulty:1    
ingredients:
1 sweet potato
2 tablespoons of olive oil
Pepper
Salt

Preparation: Preheat the oven to 200°C (thermostat 7).
Cover the baking tray with aluminium foil. Cut the sweet potato into pieces in the shape of Chips and spread on the baking tray.
Pour a light drizzle of olive oil over the pieces of sweet potato, no need to insist too much or oil all sides, the top will do.
Place in the oven for 30 to 40 minutes at 180°C (gas mark 6).
Sprinkle with salt when taken out of the oven.
Enjoy as an aperitif or to accompany meat in sauce, for example.


Blackberry smoothie
How many: 8 drinks
difficulty:1    
ingredients:
700 g of blackberries picked
1 banana cut into slices
3 creamy yoghurts
12 crushed ice cubes

Preparation: Put all the ingredients in a large salad bowl. Blend until smooth.
Place in the fridge at least 1 hour before serving.
Drinking through a straw is even better!

Hamburger
How many: 4
difficulty: 1
Ingredients:
Hamburger Bread
Minced meat
Onion
Cheddar cheese (vacuum-packed purchase in supermarkets)
Tomato
Salad
Mustard
Ketchup

Preparation:
Sauté the onions over a low heat.
Add the steaks.
Once seared, place a slice of cheddar cheese on the steak and let it melt.
Once cooked, place the steak and cheese on one of the slices of bread that you have previously spread with a mixture of ketchup and mustard.
Add the salad and small slices of tomato.
You can now cover the preparation with the other slice (with ketchup and mustard).

